Make elements copyable on Discovering Vagrant Boxes page (#2368)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vagrant/v2.4.9/content/vagrant-cloud/boxes/catalog.mdx

1. Once you find a box, click its name to learn more about it.

> 1. When you're ready to use it, copy the name, such as "hashicorp/bionic64"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When you're ready to use it, copy the name, such as `hashicorp/bionic64`
```

>    and initialize your Vagrant project with `vagrant init`.  For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and initialize your Vagrant project using the `vagrant init` command.  For example:
```
